welcome back to family game on TV so is
swap force out in the States coming soon
in the UK we've been enjoying all those
responses all those likes and shares i
really appreciate you getting on board
with our coverage will be carrying on
playing through the game with the kids
and we'll do a few sessions with Roland
Rodgers as well but today I just wanted
to bring a little update about the game
arriving in stores so as you saw in a
previous video we still have tracked it
into the store and we're now can
actually show you those games coming out
of the box and making their way onto
store shelves so well then get a little
bit of footage of that up is really
interesting to see you know how the game
arrived some of the behind-the-scenes
work that goes on in stores like toys r
us to get those products on store ready
for purchase and obviously that's
happening all over the place in the
States and in the UK everyone's getting
ready for launch as well but along with
that part of the story for EM toys r us
is a new figure and as you can see we've
been opening our Skylanders slowly so
each time to do a let's play the kids
can come and pick one of their figures
and we add that into the game but I
thought I just do an opening of this
toys r us exclusive figure and the
legendary free Ranger and so I'll get
him open and you can see what he looks
like
because it's the legendary to venture so
this is the same same character but in
legend reform and talk to us women have
a whole series of seeds and really
interesting interesting character I like
the way he looks and he keeps walking
ability obviously it's seen here
something was interesting about free
Ranger and any of these limited-edition
Skylanders characters is that it takes
that 256 combinations and starts putting
up even higher as you sort of consume
it's a match maybe a legendary free
ranger at the top and a normal swap
force character the bottom or vice versa
so now rack is going to be looking
forward to getting him or her we're not
quite sure what gender on the portal so
we'll be back with some more let's play
videos soon be under those daily we also
got time with them as well we don't know
sort of rush through the game we're
going to enjoy every level and sort of
get those out to you on a day-by-day
basis but there you go there's legendary
Ranger and there's the toys arriving in
stores at toys r us so I hope you found
what you wanted and you've got your
figures for launch tell us you know what
you think of the game if you're playing
it already and also maybe if you're
still waiting for it in other
territories tell us you know what
figures are you going to be getting are
you heading for these legendary figures
first of all there's other other
exclusives or other other retailers I
think there's a screw civ hoot loop
character and that's coming to as de so
as we sort of find out more about sign
up swap force and get a better idea of
we know what figures are available where
I hope you're enjoying the game so if
you share the video and comment down
below as I said and if you subscribe
then we can just let you know when we
have our next video up that's all we've
got time for today we'll be back with
more skylanders swap force and more
family game a TV tomorrow
you